dev-shipperhq/docs/insights/examples.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 4
slug: examples
title: Examples
authors: []
tags: [insights, api, guide, examples]
---

Since the Insights API is implemented in GraphQL, you can retrieve as much information as you want or as little as you need. Below you'll find examples of both simple and more advanced Insights API requests and their associated responses.

## Postman Collection
Our Postman collection contains pre-configured examples you can use to get started with testing as quickly as possible. Postman is a tool for easily interacting with APIs. If you don't have the Postman app installed already, you can download it from [Postman.com](https://www.postman.com/downloads/).

Once you have Postman installed, download the collection below, open Postman, click File > Import, and choose the ShipperHQ Insights collection. This will import the collection and show you the examples included in it. You will need to set up your credentials within the collection by clicking on the collection, clicking Variables, and entering your Access Token. You'll also want to confirm your Website Scope is LIVE or, if not, change it to the appropriate scope. Now, by choosing any of the examples you'll be able to run Insights API requests.

<p><a target="_blank" href="/examples/shipperhq-insights.postman_collection.json" download="shipperhq-insights.postman_collection.json">Download the ShipperHQ Insights API Collection <i class="fa fa-arrow-right"></i></a></p>

## Basic Example

We've put together a basic example of an Insights API request below showing a minimal amount of information that can be retrieved.

### Basic Example Request
```json title=
query Order {
  viewOrder(orderNumber: "000000008") {
    shipments {
      id
      shipmentDetail {
        shipmentId
        name
      }
      carriers {
          carrierDetail {
              carrierCode
              carrierTitle
              carrierType
          }
        methods {
          methodDetails {
            methodCode
            methodTitle
            totalCharges
            currency
            negotiatedRate
          }
        }
        packages {
          packageDetail {
            height
            length
            width
            weight
            packingWeight
            packageName
            surchargePrice
          }
          items {
            sku
            qtyPacked
            weightPacked
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

### Basic Example Response
```json title=
{
    "data": {
        "viewOrder": [
            {
                "shipments": [
                    {
                        "id": "ckzyb31g7n82f0i94w7lizy6q",
                        "shipmentDetail": {
                            "shipmentId": "83529",
                            "name": "Austin Warehouse"
                        },
                        "carriers": [
                            {
                                "carrierDetail": {
                                    "carrierCode": "shqups",
                                    "carrierTitle": "UPS®",
                                    "carrierType": "ups"
                                },
                                "methods": [
                                    {
                                        "methodDetails": {
                                            "methodCode": "GND",
                                            "methodTitle": "UPS Ground®",
                                            "totalCharges": 41.93,
                                            "currency": "USD",
                                            "negotiatedRate": true
                                        }
                                    }
                                ],
                                "packages": [
                                    {
                                        "packageDetail": {
                                            "height": 5,
                                            "length": 4,
                                            "width": 2,
                                            "weight": 1.2,
                                            "packingWeight": null,
                                            "packageName": "Standard Box",
                                            "surchargePrice": 0
                                        },
                                        "items": [
                                            {
                                                "sku": "Graphic T-Shirt",
                                                "qtyPacked": 2,
                                                "weightPacked": 1.2
                                            }
                                        ]
                                    }
                                ]
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ]
    }
}
```

## Extended Example

The extended example below shows a much more extensive set of information that can be retrieved and how it is returned.

### Extended Example Request
```json title=
query Order {
  viewOrder(orderNumber: "000000009") {
    orderNumber
    createdAt
    shipments {
      id
      shipmentDetail {
        shipmentId
        name
        description
      }
      carriers {
        carrierDetail {
            carrierCode
            carrierTitle
            carrierType
        }
        methods {
          id
          methodDetails {
            methodCode
            methodTitle
            totalCharges
            currency
            negotiatedRate
          }
          timeInTransitOptions {
            dispatchDate
            deliveryDate
          }
          selectedOptions {
              name
              value
          }
        }
        packages {
          packageDetail {
            declaredValue
            height
            length
            width
            weight
            packingWeight
            packageName
            surchargePrice
          }
          items {
            sku
            qtyPacked
            weightPacked
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```
### Extended Example Response
```json title=
{
    "data": {
        "viewOrder": [
            {
                "orderNumber": "000000009",
                "createdAt": "2022-02-22T15:52:11.285Z",
                "shipments": [
                    {
                        "id": "ckzyb31g7nl5k8i94w7lizy6q",
                        "shipmentDetail": {
                            "shipmentId": "83729",
                            "name": "Boston Warehouse",
                            "description": null
                        },
                        "carriers": [
                            {
                                "carrierDetail": {
                                    "carrierCode": "shqyrc",
                                    "carrierTitle": "YRC Freight",
                                    "carrierType": "yrcFreight"
                                },
                                "methods": [
                                    {
                                        "id": "ckzyb31g9nl5o0x67ecdcm2dr",
                                        "methodDetails": {
                                            "methodCode": "LTL",
                                            "methodTitle": "YRC LTL Freight",
                                            "totalCharges": 217,
                                            "currency": "USD",
                                            "negotiatedRate": false
                                        },
                                        "timeInTransitOptions": {
                                            "dispatchDate": "",
                                            "deliveryDate": ""
                                        },
                                        "selectedOptions": []
                                    }
                                ],
                                "packages": [
                                    {
                                        "packageDetail": {
                                            "declaredValue": 0,
                                            "height": 40,
                                            "length": 48,
                                            "width": 24,
                                            "weight": 250,
                                            "packingWeight": null,
                                            "packageName": "Standard Pallet - 2 foot",
                                            "surchargePrice": 0
                                        },
                                        "items": [
                                            {
                                                "sku": "Heavy Duty Wok Range",
                                                "qtyPacked": 2,
                                                "weightPacked": 250
                                            }
                                        ]
                                    },
                                    {
                                        "packageDetail": {
                                            "declaredValue": 0,
                                            "height": 48,
                                            "length": 60,
                                            "width": 40,
                                            "weight": 300,
                                            "packingWeight": null,
                                            "packageName": "Standard Pallet - 5 foot",
                                            "surchargePrice": 0
                                        },
                                        "items": [
                                            {
                                                "sku": "Piano",
                                                "qtyPacked": 1,
                                                "weightPacked": 300
                                            }
                                        ]
                                    }
                                ]
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ]
    }
}
```

Commit message:

DOC-178 Updated postman usage instructions

dev-shipperhq/docs/insights/examples.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 4
slug: examples
title: Examples
authors: []
tags: [insights, api, guide, examples]
---

Since the Insights API is implemented in GraphQL, you can retrieve as much information as you want or as little as you need. Below you'll find examples of both simple and more advanced Insights API requests and their associated responses.

## Postman Collection
Our Postman collection contains pre-configured examples you can use to get started with testing as quickly as possible. Postman is a tool for easily interacting with APIs. If you don't have the Postman app installed already, you can [download it](https://www.postman.com/downloads/) from Postman.

<p><a target="_blank" href="/examples/shipperhq-insights.postman_collection.json" download="shipperhq-insights.postman_collection.json">Download the ShipperHQ Insights API Collection <i class="fa fa-arrow-right"></i></a></p>

### Usage
Once you have Postman installed and have downloaded the ShipperHQ Insights API Collection, open Postman, click File > Import, and choose the ShipperHQ Insights collection. This will import the collection and the examples included in it.

You will need to set up your credentials within the collection by clicking on the Collection in the Postman Collections list, clicking Variables, entering your Access Token, and clicking the "Save" icon. You'll also want to confirm your Website Scope is LIVE or, if not, change it to the appropriate scope. Now, by choosing any of the examples you'll be able to run Insights API requests.

## Basic Example

We've put together a basic example of an Insights API request below showing a minimal amount of information that can be retrieved.

### Basic Example Request
```json title=
query Order {
  viewOrder(orderNumber: "000000008") {
    shipments {
      id
      shipmentDetail {
        shipmentId
        name
      }
      carriers {
          carrierDetail {
              carrierCode
              carrierTitle
              carrierType
          }
        methods {
          methodDetails {
            methodCode
            methodTitle
            totalCharges
            currency
            negotiatedRate
          }
        }
        packages {
          packageDetail {
            height
            length
            width
            weight
            packingWeight
            packageName
            surchargePrice
          }
          items {
            sku
            qtyPacked
            weightPacked
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

### Basic Example Response
```json title=
{
    "data": {
        "viewOrder": [
            {
                "shipments": [
                    {
                        "id": "ckzyb31g7n82f0i94w7lizy6q",
                        "shipmentDetail": {
                            "shipmentId": "83529",
                            "name": "Austin Warehouse"
                        },
                        "carriers": [
                            {
                                "carrierDetail": {
                                    "carrierCode": "shqups",
                                    "carrierTitle": "UPS®",
                                    "carrierType": "ups"
                                },
                                "methods": [
                                    {
                                        "methodDetails": {
                                            "methodCode": "GND",
                                            "methodTitle": "UPS Ground®",
                                            "totalCharges": 41.93,
                                            "currency": "USD",
                                            "negotiatedRate": true
                                        }
                                    }
                                ],
                                "packages": [
                                    {
                                        "packageDetail": {
                                            "height": 5,
                                            "length": 4,
                                            "width": 2,
                                            "weight": 1.2,
                                            "packingWeight": null,
                                            "packageName": "Standard Box",
                                            "surchargePrice": 0
                                        },
                                        "items": [
                                            {
                                                "sku": "Graphic T-Shirt",
                                                "qtyPacked": 2,
                                                "weightPacked": 1.2
                                            }
                                        ]
                                    }
                                ]
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ]
    }
}
```

## Extended Example

The extended example below shows a much more extensive set of information that can be retrieved and how it is returned.

### Extended Example Request
```json title=
query Order {
  viewOrder(orderNumber: "000000009") {
    orderNumber
    createdAt
    shipments {
      id
      shipmentDetail {
        shipmentId
        name
        description
      }
      carriers {
        carrierDetail {
            carrierCode
            carrierTitle
            carrierType
        }
        methods {
          id
          methodDetails {
            methodCode
            methodTitle
            totalCharges
            currency
            negotiatedRate
          }
          timeInTransitOptions {
            dispatchDate
            deliveryDate
          }
          selectedOptions {
              name
              value
          }
        }
        packages {
          packageDetail {
            declaredValue
            height
            length
            width
            weight
            packingWeight
            packageName
            surchargePrice
          }
          items {
            sku
            qtyPacked
            weightPacked
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```
### Extended Example Response
```json title=
{
    "data": {
        "viewOrder": [
            {
                "orderNumber": "000000009",
                "createdAt": "2022-02-22T15:52:11.285Z",
                "shipments": [
                    {
                        "id": "ckzyb31g7nl5k8i94w7lizy6q",
                        "shipmentDetail": {
                            "shipmentId": "83729",
                            "name": "Boston Warehouse",
                            "description": null
                        },
                        "carriers": [
                            {
                                "carrierDetail": {
                                    "carrierCode": "shqyrc",
                                    "carrierTitle": "YRC Freight",
                                    "carrierType": "yrcFreight"
                                },
                                "methods": [
                                    {
                                        "id": "ckzyb31g9nl5o0x67ecdcm2dr",
                                        "methodDetails": {
                                            "methodCode": "LTL",
                                            "methodTitle": "YRC LTL Freight",
                                            "totalCharges": 217,
                                            "currency": "USD",
                                            "negotiatedRate": false
                                        },
                                        "timeInTransitOptions": {
                                            "dispatchDate": "",
                                            "deliveryDate": ""
                                        },
                                        "selectedOptions": []
                                    }
                                ],
                                "packages": [
                                    {
                                        "packageDetail": {
                                            "declaredValue": 0,
                                            "height": 40,
                                            "length": 48,
                                            "width": 24,
                                            "weight": 250,
                                            "packingWeight": null,
                                            "packageName": "Standard Pallet - 2 foot",
                                            "surchargePrice": 0
                                        },
                                        "items": [
                                            {
                                                "sku": "Heavy Duty Wok Range",
                                                "qtyPacked": 2,
                                                "weightPacked": 250
                                            }
                                        ]
                                    },
                                    {
                                        "packageDetail": {
                                            "declaredValue": 0,
                                            "height": 48,
                                            "length": 60,
                                            "width": 40,
                                            "weight": 300,
                                            "packingWeight": null,
                                            "packageName": "Standard Pallet - 5 foot",
                                            "surchargePrice": 0
                                        },
                                        "items": [
                                            {
                                                "sku": "Piano",
                                                "qtyPacked": 1,
                                                "weightPacked": 300
                                            }
                                        ]
                                    }
                                ]
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ]
    }
}
```
